hey how's it going I just wanted to take
quick video here maybe it might help you
out a little bit as far as what you
could possibly do to get your doors off
your Jeep if they are seized on there as
you can tell I got one off already
probably took me a good 45 minutes just
to get that first one off and now I'm
working on a second one here and it's
starting to come I went out and got this
stuff here called a liquid wrench
penetrating oil and it's supposed to
free up anything that might be seized
and I'm spraying it as I kind of work
this right down here in these little
hinge areas you can see there and trying
to lift this thing off was impossible so
what I did is I got a car jack hiked it
up on some some mats that I had here and
wrought up a bunch of rags and got it up
under my door
and you know of course disconnected you
know my electricity electricity and
everything and then tighten it up over
here and then what I'll do is I just
push up just a little bit like this and
then I work the door shake the out
of it for a little bit and that has been
slowly but surely bringing it up and
it's going to come out here very very
soon so I'm probably going to stop the
video here in a few so I can make sure I
could catch my door so don't go and fall
on the ground but this is how I been
doing right here spraying a little bit
of this each time I'm sorry I need to
make sure got the video on there watch
what I was doing when watching a video
camera there so I don't know how much
was actually online and just shake it
back and forth try to work and it is
alright well you want to stop the video
here before I drop my door and put this
away